---
layout: post
title: "Timing"
description: ""
category: 
tags: [wowtcg, pricelist, python, ruby, rails, disaster]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

> "Ask me what the most important thing in comedy is."
>
> "What’s the most important thi-"
>
> "Timing."

Where my last post left off, I was getting ready to rewrite my pricelist website in Ruby on Rails. I decided to do this so I could get some solid hands-on experience with Ruby and with Rails. And the python version had gotten crusty enough that a rewrite was looking enticing.

The rewrite took my spare time for several weeks, and I ended up using all sorts of fun stuff:
- Mechanize to parse html -- much nicer than BeautifulSoup, once you get used to it
- rvm to manage gems and other deployment crud
- "choice", to write a command-line script to gather and calculate the card price data
- linode for hosting -- a lot better than my old host
- Other things I forgot now

Well, I got everything up and running, and working better than ever! I made an announcement on the wowtcg forums, and opened the revamped site for "business". While that was live, I created a new branch to work on moving to bootstrap, to be more mobile-friendly. I also signed up for an ebay developer account, and wrote some scripts to gather price data there.

Then a couple of weeks later, Cryptozoic and Blizzard announced they were terminating the World of Warcraft Trading Card Game, after a run of almost seven years. 

So, that sucked.

Anyway, now I need to figure out a new side project. I started working on making a game engine using SDL2 and box2d, but I've decided that isn't the direction I want to go in right now. 

I'm looking for a project that combines some (not all!) of these aspects:
- Ruby on Rails
- Using large public datasets
- ebay api
- Geocoding/mapping (integrating with google maps, maybe)
- Very usable on mobile -- bootstrap?
- The potential to make money, even if it's just a little. Not so much because I need the money, but for the experience of building something that generates income.
